Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is so beautiful.
WYATT: You know it, Gary.
Look at her.
Do you know what I
would like to do?
Shower with them.
Then bang!
We hit the city,
baby, dead on.
For little drinks,
a little nightlife,
a little dancing.
Dancing.
We throw a huge party,
I mean, huge party.
Everybody's invited,
women everywhere.
All these girls,
they're all there.
Naked bodies everywhere.
Gary.
They all know my name.
What?
Nobody likes us. Nobody.
Why are you messing
with the fantasy?
We know about the reality.
Don't ruin the fantasy, okay?
And then, we're a hit, man.
We're popular. We're revered.
Man, we're studs.
(SNIGGERS)
When the smoke clears, right,
those two dames
fall amazingly, completely
and totally in love
with us, Wyatt.
Check it out.
IAN: Yo! Check this out.
(HEART POUNDING)
Look, we're sorry about...
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN ON TV:
His insane ambition
to create life.
Where'd your
parents go, anyway?
Cincinnati.
They're meeting the guy
that my sister
wants to marry.
Chloe? Who the hell
would marry Chloe?
He's studying to be a vet.
WYATT: Try not to make
a mess in there, Gary.
The maid doesn't
come till Monday.
You know, I don't
understand something, Wyatt.
How come all of a sudden
your parents trust you, man?
They never let
you do shit before.
Chet's coming
home from college
for the weekend.
They trust him.
He's in charge.
GARY: Chet? Shit!
You know,
I can't believe this, Wyatt.
I really wish
that you told me this
before I agreed
to sleep over.
You know how I
feel about Chet.
GARY: I mean, how do you
put up with that guy?
If I don't,
he beats the shit out of me.
It's a habit he picked
up in military school.
GARY: I mean, how do you
put up with that putz?
WYATT: What can I say, Gary?
He's very protective of me.
Nice relationship.
MAN ON TV:
There you have his mad dream.
Look!
There's nothing to fear.
Look, no blood, no decay,
just a few stitches.
Go on. Fix the electrodes.
You'll have
plenty to be afraid of
before the night's over.
The storm will
be magnificent.
All the electrical
secrets of heaven.
And this time we're ready.
Hey, Fritz?
Let's have one final test.
Throw the switches.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Here in this machine,
I have discovered
the great ray
that first brought
life into the world.
And, look,
here's the final touch.
The brain you stole, Fritz.
Think of it.
The brain of a dead man
waiting to live again
in a body I made
with my own hands.
You know,
that's not a bad idea.
WYATT: What?
In 15 minutes,
the storm should
be at its height.
Making a girl.
Actually making a girl.
Just like Frankenstein,
except cuter.
Nobody must come here!
Don't touch it!
I'm sorry, Doctor.
You're serious.
Yes.
Look me in the eyes.
Do I look serious?
MAN: You're crazy!
Crazy, am I?
We'll see whether
I'm crazy or not.
Gary Wallace,
that's absolutely gross.
That's sick.
I'm not digging up
dead girls. It's...
No, I'm not
talking about digging up
a dead girl, Wyatt.
I'm talking about
your system, idiot.
Your computer.
Okay, look,
you know how you're
always talking about
how you can simulate
all that stuff on
your computer? You know?
What's the difference?
Why can't we simulate a girl?
I don't know.
I guess I could, but why?
It's two-dimensional
on the screen.
It's not flesh
and blood, Gary.
I know that, but, you know,
we can use it, Wyatt.
We can ask it questions.
We can put it in
real-life sexual situations
and see how it reacts.
Like real sick,
demented shit.
You'd love it.
Well, what about
your girl in Canada?
She lives in Canada.
This girl has no morals.
You know,
I don't like that in a girl.
It's rough having
those kind of relationships.
You'll see.
(CLEARING THROAT)
Anyway, get to work.
Very nice.
Hold it, Wyatt. I mean,
if there's one thing I know,
it's female stats.
I mean, anything
bigger than a handful,
you're risking
a sprained tongue.
You know, and...
Yeah.
Perfect.
Okay. Now what?
Should we give her
a brain?
Yeah.
We can play chess with her.
Chess?
Just give her
a brain, okay?
Okay,
that's about all we can do
with my stuff.
I can't believe this shit.
I can't believe this.
Did you get a free
toaster with this, too?
Gary, it's smarter
than you, okay?
The problem is,
this is a lame idea, okay?
It's not a lame idea.
The problem is
your computer's a wimp
and we need a lot
more power than this.
That's the problem.
What do you suggest?
VOICE: We have code
penetration, we have
program entry.
I repeat, we have
code penetration,
we have program entry.
Activate lang trace.
(SCREAMING)
We're in.
We're in trouble, Gary.
This is highly illegal.
Well, you need more input.
We got to fill this
thing up with data.
We gotta make her
as real as possible, Wyatt.
I want her to live,
I want her to breathe.
I want her to aerobicize.
It's live!
All Dave, all night!
We know what you need
only right here on Dave TV!
Look at this.
It's moving, it's working.
It's doing itself.
It's working by itself.
(CHANTING)
Gary...
(HUMMING)
By the way,
why are we wearing
bras on our heads?
Ceremonial.
You ready?
Yeah.
Let's go.
GARY: Turn it off!
WYATT: It is off!
(ALARM RINGING)
Hang up the phone!
Wyatt, what's going on?
I don't know!
Well, unplug it!
Okay!
Oh, shit!
No! It was a birthday present!
Oh, my God!
Oh, shit!
We got to get this thing
out of your house!
You get it out!
It was your idea!
This is all your fault!
Hit the lights out!
You get it out!
I'll get it out!
(DOOR CREAKING)
(BOTH EXCLAIMING)
WYATT: Shit!
One, two, three.
She's alive. Alive!
(EXCLAIMING)
So,
what would you little maniacs
like to do first?
You guys created me.
I didn't come from anywhere.
WOMAN: Before you
started messing around
with your computer,
I didn't even exist.
By the way,
you did an excellent job.
Thank you.
Hello?
Showering's real fun,
isn't it?
If we're going to have
any kind of fun together,
you guys had
better loosen up.
What are we
going to do with her?
Look,
we'll just go with
the situation, okay?
And I'm sure by Sunday,
you'll think of something.
You're a very bright guy.
I have a lot of
faith in you, okay?
All right?
I'm just being practical.
Well, I know you are, okay?
And I appreciate it.
Let's go.
What are we going to
do about this mess?
Wyatt,
you'll have plenty of time
to clean up tomorrow, okay?
Okay, but don't get
any b.o. On Chet's suit,
or he'd kill me.
Where are we going, anyway?
I don't know.
She said we're going
to go downtown and...
Oh, my God!
Whose stuff is this?
Is that your suit?
Wait, is this yours?
Oh, shit.
Holy shit.
Gary,
I don't know what's going...
Why? What's going on here?
I don't know.
What is going on here?
Gary, I don't know!
I don't know
what's going on here!
Gary, you look good,
though, all right?
Yeah?
Yeah.
So, did you steal this car?
No, I didn't steal the car.
How'd you get it?
I can get anything I want.
And right now,
I want to party.
Party?
Yeah, and you better think up
a name for me, too.
What name do you want?
You guys created me,
you think of a name for me.
How about Lisa?
Why Lisa?
Why not?
He used to like
a girl named Lisa.
Oh, yeah? Old girlfriend?
She kicked him
in the nuts.
Will you shut up?
Look, Gary,
it wasn't your fault.
All you said
was hello to her.
Yeah, look, Wyatt, shut up!
Hey, guys, I like Lisa.
That'll do just fine.
Okay, you guys
ready to rock?
Ready.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(WYATT AND GARY YELLING)
(UP-TEMPO BLUES MUSIC PLAYING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(IN A HIGH-PITCHED VOICE)
Lisa?
Yeah?
I don't think
we belong here.
Don't be silly.
It's a public place.
Look, I'm sure we'd
both love to stay,
but we're not 21,
so I think we're gonna...
You're 21.
Well, maybe you'd feel better
if you just got out
there and mingled.
We don't mingle, okay?
Well, maybe you'd
be comfortable if I invited
all these people
back to your house
and we could
all mingle there.
We'll mingle.
Hi, dudes.
(ALL GRUMBLING)
Well, goddamn!
You know,
listening to this blues
music reminds me
of my own trials
and tribulations
as a young guy and...
You know, my folks,
they really,
really dump on me.
They really do.
So, you guys get along
with your parents?
I guess you guys moved out
by now, though, huh?
What's this, sir?
Drink it.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Well,
that's a very sweet thought
of both you gentlemen,
but I really don't...
Until now.
See you guys in
the emergency room.
DINO: Hello, pretty lady.
Tell me something.
What's a beautiful broad
like you doing with
a malaka like this?
It's purely sexual.
No shit.
She's into malakas, Dino.
(ALL LAUGHING)
She's into malakes!
Do you believe that?
You can say that again!
(ALL LAUGHING)
(SLOW BLUES MUSIC PLAYING)
Fats, man, let me
tell you my story, man.
Last year,
I was insane for this
crazy little 8th-grade bitch.
Okay?
Crazy insane?
Insane?
Crazy?
I was nuts for
the woman, man.
Now you gotta believe me,
I'm telling the truth here.
I'm speaking to you.
I mean,
I was nuts for the girl.
And what did it to me was
these big titties she had.
For a 13-year-old girl, man.
She wouldn't have
had to worry about
no titties for
the rest of her life, boy.
You know she was set
and she was looking good.
That's the truth, baby.
I called her every
night for, like, a month.
I'm not talking
the bullshit man.
Every damn night?
Every night, Mitch.
I ain't playing with you.
On the telephone?
What's this boy
talking about,
on the telephone, man?
Explain it to him.
Goddamn. We know
there's a telephone, boy.
What the hell
he think I'm doing?
But he hung up on her.
Oh, you didn't
hang up on her!
The chick with
those big, big titties?
I hung up on the bitch.
Now here's the capper.
You know what
the bitch did to me?
Lay it on me.
Check this shit out.
Listen to what she did to me.
She...
She kneed you in the nuts
and called him faggot
in front of everybody.
No.
She did what?
Bitch kneed your nuts?
Bitch kneed my nuts!
Bitch. I'm not playing with
you. I ain't teasing, man.
In the family jewels?
In the family jewels, man.
Worse pain there is.
Broke my heart in two.
She broke more
than your heart.
You're right there, baby.
You can forget
that other one.
You got this fine jewel
sitting right
over here by you.
Yeah.
Ain't that the truth, baby?
That's the plain truth!
There he goes.
(ALL CLAMORING)
Party's over.
Party's over, said the girl.
Okay,
I'm gonna get out of here.
I got money for you
right here. $50 for you.
I got $500 that
boy won't make it...
I bet he's gonna make it.
(SINGING)
Baby, you know I love you
You know, I really
shouldn't be driving.
Hey, listen, I appreciate it.
You know, I really just don't
feel like driving.
Okay, forget it.
I'll drive.
Give me the keys!
Is he going to
be all right?
I don't know.
I warned him about
that Blind Dog bourbon.
Hey, he don't even
have his license, Lisa.
He's not lying.
I don't even have
a learner's permit.
Hey, let's scout
another party, man.
What are you gonna
tell Chet about me?
Nothing.
Nothing?
That's not very realistic,
Wyatt.
Look, I don't know.
I'm just trying to
concentrate on the road.
You better concentrate
a little harder.
You're about to
run a red light.
Oh, shit!
GARY: I hate that boy!
I always hated that shit!
I never listen to it!
I hate this car! I hate it!
Are you okay?
Well, my nuts are
halfway up my ass.
But other than that,
I'm perfect.
You better think of
what you're going to
do about Chet.
He's one serious idiot.
You're stewed, butt wad!
Who, me?
Know what time it is?
2:00?
Time to pay the fiddler.
I was kind of counting on you
to be human about this.
Here's the bottom line, Wyatt.
I'm telling Mom
and Dad everything.
I'm even considering
making up some shit.
(SIGHS)
All right, Chet.
Name your price.
$175 and zero cents, cash.
New bills, crisp and clean,
in my wallet by 7:00 a.m.
Thank you.
Hey, what are
big brothers for?
See you upstairs.
I don't need you.
(CLAMORS)
Come on.
The boozehounds return.
What a joke!
Hi, girls.
(BURPS)
CHET: Feeling kind of queasy?
How about a nice
greasy pork sandwich
served in a dirty ashtray?
(LAUGHING)
He pukes, you die.
He's not laughing at you,
Chet. It's just...
GARY: Yes, I am.
Did you tell
Chet about the...
Did he tell you
about the woman
we made tonight?
He's obviously had it.
You know, Chet.
He doesn't know what
he's talking about.
No shit.
No shit, Chet. No shit.
You two donkey dicks
couldn't get laid
in a morgue.
You're right.
You are absolutely right.
You're
absolutely right, Chet,
absolutely right. What?
Come on.
(RETCHING)
Cold-blooded shit he did.
He's an asshole.
Look at his haircut.
Anybody with
a haircut like that
you know is an asshole.
Lisa.
Where are you?
I'm right behind you.
Surprise!
I'm not going to hurt you,
you silly thing.
I mean, your lips.
They feel like
rigor mortis has set in.
Why don't you try
and relax a little bit?
I'm only kissing you.
I wasn't expecting you
to kiss me.
I mean, I was just...
I wasn't...
That was better.
Want to try it again?
If you don't mind.
I mean, yes, please, ma'am.
(WYATT EXCLAIMS)
You sure you're only 15?
(CLEARING THROAT)
I'll be 16 in June.
You made me.
You control me.
What's on your mind?
What are you
thinking about, huh?
Women's gymnastics.
Well, I don't know.
I'll do my best.
Good.
(GROANS)
Wyatt, Wyatt, Wyatt,
where were you?
I'm right here, Gary.
Wyatt, what happened?
I don't know.
I think it was a dream.
What?
Everything. Last night, Lisa.
The whole thing,
it had to be a dream.
It can't be a dream, Wyatt.
We were both in it.
How can two people
have the same dream?
There's no other explanation.
It had to be a dream.
Wait, let's analyze this.
All right, in your dream,
did I get up in
the middle of the night
and yak in your sink?
Didn't throw up. No. Nothing.
You didn't see anything.
Maybe it was a dream,
you know.
A very weird,
bizarre, vivid, erotic,
wet, detailed dream.
Maybe we have malaria.
Shit.
Gary! Wyatt! Breakfast!
Look, I don't have
the kind of bucks
it would take to pay
Chet off about this.
CHET: Yo, Wyatt! Coffee!
You can't live
in fear of Chet
for the rest of your life.
Why not? Just please...
I don't know, Wyatt.
I mean, it's seriously
affecting your sex life.
Ten seconds into my
gymnastics routine,
you passed out.
You slept.
I did my toes.
By the way,
you're very cute.
We'll try it again
some other time, okay?
Good morning, turd brain.
Hi, Chet.
You spit in this?
Not that I'm aware of, no.
Hey, that looks pretty good.
Now make yourself one,
dick weed.
I like your panties.
(BURPS)
It's a joke, Chet.
You know, it's all...
That's not a joke!
That is a severe
behavioral disorder.
Those are
women's underpants!
I mean, the next thing
you know, you'll be wearing
a bra on your head.
The old man's
going to have a stroke
on this one for sure.
All right, Chet.
How much?
CHET: This goes way
beyond payment, pal.
Come on, Chet. Please?
Well...
Your VCR should cover it.
For openers.
Thank you.
For Christ's sakes,
will you cover yourself?
You guys looking
for something for your mom?
I really don't
think so, Sue.
You guys have girlfriends?
You know, Sue,
one does really not refer
to a 23-year-old
woman as a girlfriend.
WYATT: Mistress, Gar.
GARY: Mistress.
Lover.
Sex.
Sexpot.
She's a sexpot
is what she is.
You guys are
the ones that got beat up
at the homecoming game,
right?
Susan, do you think you
could wrap up a bottle
of this scent for me?
Cause it's... I like this.
Two.
And why don't
you set yourself up
with one of them, too.
Set yourself up.
That's three scents, please.
If you were
a 15-year-old boy,
would these turn you on?
I think so, too.
I'll take them.
Do you have
a bra to match that?
Something in
leather or rubber,
or barb wire?
Give me a break.
Check it out.
What?
Five bucks?
Finsky.
Max, what are you
going to do?
You know what, Gar,
for the first time
in my life,
I don't feel
like a total dick.
Yeah, me either.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Sorry, boys.
Momentary loss
of motor, nerds.
You guys
getting tired of this?
We're not.
But I'll tell you one thing,
there is a cure.
Rumor has it there's a big
white sale going on.
At Towel World!
Towel World!
We're not impressed.
No.
Can I have some
of that, please?
You know I'm getting
really bored of their shit.
Well, do you want
to dump them?
I don't know.
Well, we have been
with them three months.
We've been to
all the parties.
We've met all the people.
We won't go to
any more parties
and we won't meet
any more people.
We'll go into
a social coma.
Sorry.
We're sorry.
Want to give them
another chance?
Okay.
Will you forgive us?
Please.
Oh, you guys.
What are we
gonna do with you?
(CHATTERING)
Excuse me.
Get out of my way.
We got her,
we got her, we got her.
Hey!
Hey.
Hi.
That's lan.
This is Max.
We call him Mad Max.
We saw you on the escalator.
Yeah.
Yeah, you were
looking at us, right?
Yeah.
So what are you doing?
Nothing.
I'm waiting for my ride.
(HORN BLARING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Lis, come on, hon.
We're running late.
Honey, move.
Speak to you later.
She likes the rough stuff.
What can I do, you know?
By the way,
there's a party tonight
at Wyatt's house.
You can find his name
in the students'
directory under Donnelly.
Pass the word around.
Party?
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Don't ask.
Wyatt, you're going
to have a heart attack
by the time you're 40
if you don't learn
to relax.
Have you tried
inversion boots?
Lisa, you don't
understand my parents.
LISA:
What's there to understand?
They're oppressive,
meddlesome,
difficult, demanding
and totally bizarre.
I mean,
they're normal parents.
Now stop worrying
and go and get dressed.
WYATT: Lisa, I created you.
Why do you do
insist on doing things
I don't want?
Honey buns,
you want to party so badly,
you could bottle it.
I mean, you and Gary,
you want friends,
you want popularity,
you want all
that stuff, right?
Well, I thought
about it, sure, but...
So I'm giving it to you.
Thank you, really, thank you.
But I don't want it
in my house.
If you want to be
a party animal,
you have to learn to
live in the jungle.
Now stop worrying
and go and get dressed.
I'm going to go
and pick up Gary.
I can't wait to
meet his parents.
Do you go to Gary's school?
Do I look like
I'm in high school?
No.
Well, what it is, Dad,
she's a foreign
exchange student, you know.
And they have,
like, a different
educational system
happening around the world.
You look very
mature.
Doesn't she?
That's funny you
say that 'cause
I was thinking
the same thing.
And what happened
was that...
So what do you do
for a living, Al?
I'm an independent
businessman.
Al... Dad. My dad's a plumber.
And he's into plumbing.
And, well, I guess
you plumb, right, Dad?
Yeah.
Yeah, well,
I think it's time to go.
You ready?
Where do you think
you're going?
To a party.
To a movie.
Movie party is
what it is, folks.
We're going to
a movie party.
Such a little liar.
No. I've whipped up
this nasty little soiree
over at his friend
Wyatt's house.
Soir what?
Soiree, honey.
I think that means party.
Party.
You know, there's going to be
sex, drugs, rock and roll,
chips, dips, chains, whips...
You know, your basic
high school orgy
type of thing.
I mean, I'm not
talking candle wax
on the nipples
or witchcraft
or anything like that.
No, no, no. No,
just a couple of hundred kids
running around
in their underwear
acting like complete animals.
All right, God damn it!
I've heard enough!
Gary, you get to your room!
Yes, sir!
No, it's okay. Just sit here.
I'll take care of this.
Girlie,
you get the hell out of here
before I throw you out.
Don't threaten me, Al!
You're out of shape.
I'll kick your ass.
I'm going to make
this real easy for you.
I'm taking Gary to a party.
Over my dead body.
He's a good kid.
He studies hard.
You've got no complaints.
If anybody
should be bitching,
it should be Gary.
You ever compliment him
on his grades?
on anything?
Hey! Hey! Look, Ma,
compliments embarrass me.
You know. Dad, you know.
Shut up!
Have you ever
wondered how sad it is
that your son's
only sexual outlet
is tossing off to magazines
in the bathroom?
Oh, Gary!
Ma, I never tossed off
to anything!
You told me you
were combing your hair!
But I was! I was! Mom!
Mom! I've never...
Gary, shut up!
Water's running all day.
Shut up!
I've never tossed off!
And you wouldn't
tell your own mother!
Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up!
This guy deserves a party.
Look, I don't know
who you are,
what you are,
or where you came from,
but I'm not taking
any more of this.
Dial the police, Lucy.
Dial the damn police
and give me the phone.
(STUTTERING)
The phone.
I'm going to get the...
Give me the phone.
I'm trying to...
Well, here it is.
(LUCY PANTING)
God. Oh, Christ.
AL: Oh, Lord God.
(STUTTERS)
Go ahead...
Make your day?
I'm really sorry
it has to come to this.
Come to what?
If you don't cheer up,
I'll blow your face off.
Oh, come on,
don't be such an old lady.
Everything's cool.
Everything's cool!
Yeah, yeah. My dad's
going to castrate me.
And my mother almost had,
like, a cardiac arrest.
My parents are
never going to let me
in the house,
and if they do,
I'll be grounded
till I'm 45.
But other than that,
everything's great.
Everything's
just really cool.
I mean, you know, I mean,
couldn't be better.
Listen, trust me
for once, will you?
They don't know
what happened.
Did you think Gary was
acting a little strangely
this evening?
Gary?
Who's Gary?
Lisa, you have to
promise me
that things aren't going
to get out of control.
Wyatt, don't worry.
You're just having
a few friends over.
I don't have
any friends, Lisa.
He doesn't.
Boy ain't lying.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
You do now.
Hi.
ALL: Hi!
MAN: Party!
ALL: Party! Party!
Party! Party!
Party! Party! Party! Party!
Party! Party! Party!
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHOUTS)
How you doing?
Where's the bar?
Bar!
Do you think they'll
embarrass us tonight?
Yeah.
Caviar?
If Max and lan see her,
it is all over for us.
How's your stomach?
It's a little better.
If you're going to
float an air biscuit,
let me know, okay?
Float a what?
If you're going to fart,
if you're going
to squeeze cheese,
let me know, okay?
I'll hit the fan.
I'm sorry, Gary.
It's just I suffer
pain and discomfort
due to occasional
stomach upset.
You know,
I can't believe this, Wyatt.
I'm so disappointed in us.
I mean, all we ever do
is sit around
and talk about
how great it would be
if we went to parties, right?
And...
And now it's our party,
and there are
hundreds of people
here having a great time,
and we're in the john.
We're in the john.
I can't believe it.
Gary, you're just
as uptight as I am,
all right?
Let me tell you something.
Nobody can be as
uptight as you, okay?
Nobody. Your middle
name is tense, okay?
Wyatt "Tense Up" Donnelly.
All right, this is true.
This is true.
It's true.
But...
It's not that bad.
I mean, we can
hear the music.
This is great.
We can dance.
So that's great.
If we put our
noses to the door,
maybe we can smell the food.
Hey, brother!
What's happening,
my main man?
Right on!
Scotch.
Straight up?
Give me the whole bottle.
Tell you what. You bend over
and I'll shove it
straight up your ass.
On the rocks is fine.
Yeah, that's what I thought
you were gonna say.
There she is.
You deal with the drinks.
I'll kill the girls.
I wonder if Lisa's
having a good time.
Lisa could have a good time
at an insurance seminar,
Wyatt.
You know, the thing that
really galls me
is that she's ours
and we can't
get close to her.
Hit the fan.
This is, like, the best
party I've ever been to.
I know. It's great!
Do you know
whose house this is?
I don't know.
I think it might be
that girl with
the English accent.
Did you notice that girl
doesn't have a zit
on her whole body?
Did you notice that?
I know.
She has, like, zero fat.
And she's so relaxed.
She burped and it was,
like, charming.
Charming.
Yeah.
Shit.
The bathroom.
Ladies.
Hi.
GARY: I can't believe you!
I cannot...
You're dropping wolf bait
and there are chicks outside!
Light a match or something.
Light a fire, I don't know.
Hi.
We're sorry.
We thought there were
just girls in there.
I'm sorry.
It's just us dudes.
You know.
What are you doing here?
WYATT: Gary was
just taking a shit.
No, what I meant was...
No, no, what I meant was,
what are you
doing at the party?
Oh, it's my house.
This is your party?
Yeah, well, you know,
we like to do this
about once a week.
You know,
throw little gatherings here.
Really?
Yeah, little get-togethers.
That kind of thing.
Haven't you guys been by?
Or...
No.
How the heck did we
miss these two, Wyatt?
I don't know.
So many people,
so many parties.
So many people, you know,
and so many parties.
You know,
you lose track and...
Would you mind if I came in
and checked my face?
What's wrong
with your face?
Can we come in?
Come on in.
WYATT: Sure, yeah.
Okay. Be our guests.
Thanks, guys.
Come on in.
Well...
We've seen you
guys at school,
but we've never met.
You're Hilly.
You're Deb.
How you doing?
Deb.
You're Deb. Hi. I'm Gary.
I'm Wyatt.
Hi, Gary.
Well, what have
you guys been doing?
This is a wild crowd.
I didn't know you guys
had so many friends.
Yeah, neither did we.
Neither did we.
Who's the girl
with the accent?
I thought that this
was her party, but I...
You mean the real sensuous,
exotic, sexy, mature,
sex symbol type?
Yeah.
GARY: She's with us.
She's with you guys?
Come on, Lisa. Why not?
Because I belong
to Gary and Wyatt.
Belong? What?
They make you in the garage
with power tools?
They own you? Control you?
Seriously.
They're toads.
Do I look like I'd
go out with two toads?
You do. It's true.
I think Gary and
Wyatt are gonna force
everyone to
redefine their terms.
And you're completely
loyal to them?
I do whatever they say.
Hi.
Could you excuse us
for a minute, please?
That's no problem.
Yeah, we'll be in here.
Yeah, that's where we'll...
Yeah.
Okay, fine.
I could be wrong, but I think
these ladies are
stoked for us, Wyatt.
I got that feeling myself.
What do we do?
I don't know.
Should we go for it?
What about Lisa?
She did say we should party.
Look, let's get it on
with these two,
score points
and go back to Lisa.
This is like
a dream come true.
How about if we see
if we can score
the points with these two
and deal with them in
case we can't later.
Sounds good.
But whatever happens,
gotta give Lisa a shot.
I don't want to
hurt her feelings.
I think the girls are
looking for a long,
lean bone job from me.
Ready to party down?
10-4.
Let's break.
Break.
Those guys are weird,
but they're kind of cute.
Hi.
And where did you
two disappear to?
Nowhere.
We were in the kitchen.
We were in the bathroom.
Eating.
Doing our hair.
Have you met Gary and Wyatt?
Yeah.
No.
Sort of.
If you get the chance,
shower with them.
I did.
It's a mind scrambler!
Hurts so good.
She took a shower
with them.
I have
a wonderful idea, Henry.
After dinner,
why don't we stop by
and visit with Wyatt.
I hate to think
of his being alone
at home tonight.
Doesn't he have
anything to read?
Well, I don't know, dear,
but you know nothing's
more important
to a teenage boy
than his grandparents.
We'll drop by.
Oh, good.
(LOUD ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
I'd like to open up
by apologizing for the
ICEE today at the mall.
It was very immature.
And I'm sorry.
And... It was just,
like, tomfoolery.
But we are sorry.
It happened.
Yeah.
So what's the deal
with Lisa?
You know,
can we borrow her?
We can't do that, guys.
You know, because
common decency prohibits us.
We can't.
It's not that cool.
Well, she said it was cool.
Yeah.
We can't take advantage
of her loyalties.
Sorry, guys.
Man, but that's
really selfish.
That hurts, you know.
Lan...
Just forget it, guys,
'cause we can't
do it, you know?
Come on.
Quit being such pricks.
Hey, come on.
Regardless of what
she may have told you,
our feelings for
Lisa run very deep.
It's, like, emotions.
Heavy, heavy emotions.
Our feelings for Deb
and Hilly run as deep
as yours do for Lisa.
And it's respect.
It's like the time
we spend together,
you know.
And a couple of guys
like you deserve them.
See, we like your style.
So we want to
make a deal with you.
You let us have
a crack at Lisa
and then we'll let
you have Deb and Hilly.
Can you guys keep a secret?
Sure.
Secret?
Look again. It's Gary.
No, no.
It's our boy, Gary.
He's our 16-year-old boy.
I don't know
what the hell you're
talking about, Lucy.
And I want you to shut up.
WYATT: I feel like an asshole.
This had better work.
This is just the blueprint.
Okay, now look.
You like it?
Bigger tits.
Go, go, go, go!
Give him the knee shooters.
I don't care.
VOICE: We have
code penetration again.
What the hell's
going on in here?
(THUNDER CLAPPING)
Excuse me, Arthur.
It's Art.
Excuse me, Art.
Oh, shit.
(SCREAMING)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
Where's Eddie?
Eddie's down in the lab.
He and Grandpa
are working on a new project.
Another invention?
It has something
to do with a robot.
(LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY)
Wyatt, what's going on?
Turn this thing off!
You're going to love it!
How you doing?
I'm shitting in my pants!
(PLAYING PIANO)
(EXCLAIMING)
(SCREAMING)
It worked.
You had to be big shots,
didn't you?
You had to show off.
When are you going to learn
people will like you
for what you are,
not for what you
can give them.
In your race for
power and glory,
you forgot one small detail.
We forgot to
hook up the doll.
You forgot to
(GLASS BREAKING)
Something's going
on here, Carmen.
I have a feeling
we're not going
to approve, Henry.
A missile! A missile!
A missile in my house, Gary!
Yeah, this puppy's
for real, all right.
It was an accident.
Simple, you know...
Accident, my ass, Gary!
My parents are coming home.
Chet's coming home.
They're going to freak out!
They're gonna shit egg rolls.
Get out!
Get out! Scat!
Out of here,
you disgusting tramps!
You, you, you hosers!
Out! Out! Out!
My God, cut that out,
would you?
You ought to know better
than to walk into
somebody's house
and start hitting people
with your Rex Harrison hat.
This is my daughter's home.
Who the hell are you?
Well, I'm a very dear,
close personal friend
of your grandson's.
Henry, call the police.
I will.
I'll have you incarcerated.
Here's the deal, folks.
Gary and Wyatt,
they created me
on their computer.
I'm not going to stand here
and listen to this baloney.
He won't, you know.
He doesn't stand for baloney.
Would you mind waiting here?
I won't be a moment.
Have you ever?
Never.
Excuse me, guys.
Wyatt, your grandparents
are downstairs.
Okay. Thanks, Lis.
Lisa!
Yes?
Where are my grandparents?
Wyatt, your kitchen is blue.
You want to try one?
Where are my
grandparents, Lisa?
They're all taken care of.
Okay?
You're going to
love this one.
Are they all right?
They're fine.
In fact,
they're better than fine.
They're not aging anymore.
See? They're smiling.
Lisa, if any more of
his relatives drop by,
we'll be upstairs in
the bathroom, okay?
That's pretty sick, Lis.
Those guys really need
some self-confidence.
A challenge.
Something that'll bring out
their inner strength
and courage.
I'm so bloody clever.
Now!
(ENGINE REVVING)
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
This Bud's for you.
This party's lame, Max.
What about the girls?
Girls, shmirls.
Lisa! What's going on?
Gary! Gary!
Gary, listen to me.
There are motorcycles
in my house!
Wyatt, there are
killer mutants in
your house, okay?
Screw the house.
Guys, you have
uninvited guests.
I think you better come out
and ask them to leave.
They're getting
pretty rowdy.
This is an excellent chance
for you to prove your
bravery and courage.
Those are outdated concepts,
all right?
Excuse us.
Don't let John Wayne
hear you say that.
The man is dead, Lisa, okay?
Well, so are you
if you don't deal
with this situation.
(GLASS BREAKING)
No, thanks.
WYATT: Gary, do you feel
like a chicken?
Wyatt, if I could shoot
an egg out my ass
right now, I would.
Well, what about
all these people?
Will they think
we're cowards?
I don't know.
Look, we can deal
with shame, okay?
Death is a much deeper issue.
(MAN GROWLING)
We're going to get
you guys some drinks.
You look like a Scotch man.
You want some...
We're gonna get some stuff.
Is this your party?
Well, kind of.
I don't know if you
can call it a party.
It's just a few friends.
How come
two unpopular dicks like you
is having a party?
(ALL LAUGHING)
I don't know.
I mean, I guess I
was just asking myself
that very question.
And unlike dicks,
sometimes do
the weirdest things.
Look, we're very sorry.
We're...
I don't know.
How would you like
all your friends here
to know that you wear
a bra on your heads?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Tossed off into
any good books lately,
have we?
You two can't
even take a shower
with a beautiful woman
without wearing your jeans!
(ALL LAUGHING)
You!
Come here!
Now!
Prepare to die, Wyatt.
Gary, I can't wait to die.
We are gonna kick...
Ass.
Okay. This is war.
Hands off the girls.
Let's leave the girls
out of this. Hands off.
(LAUGHING)
I said hands off! Now!
Why don't you
shut up, bitch?
And as for your ugly ass,
let me tell you something.
You don't come
into my friend's house
with your faggot friends,
driving your motorbikes
all over his floors,
breaking windows,
making a mess,
stinking up the place.
And believe me,
you do stink.
And here's what's
going to happen.
You're going to
let go of the girls
and you're going to apologize
to all these people.
And you're going
to get on your bikes
and pedal your ugly
asses out of here.
(ALL LAUGHING)
So now, we're gentlemen,
so we're gonna
give you a choice.
Yeah, you can leave
in peace...
Or you can stay and die.
Choice is yours.
Get out of here.
Beg your pardon.
You have a lovely home.
Terribly sorry. Call me.
We'll have lunch.
Can we keep this between us?
I'd hate to lose
my teaching job.
God bless you.
I can't believe...
You know...
Is everyone all right?
I just want to know.
Everyone's...
This is so exciting.
You know, we're heroes.
These guys came
into your house
and we showed them down.
I can't believe this.
You know what we did?
You and me,
we saved all
these people, Wyatt.
You don't understand that.
We're heroes. This could mean
a guest shot on Phil Donahue.
I don't know.
But this is exciting, man!
Gary!
What?
Where the hell did
you get that thing?
Squirt gun, man. That's it.
(GUN FIRING)
That's my boys.
What a weird night, huh?
You really weren't
afraid of those guys?
I was scared.
But what could I do?
It's probably
a good idea for me not to
ask too many questions
about tonight.
Probably.
This is a sort of
a night of weird shit.
I was wondering if I can
ask you something
kind of strange?
Would you kiss me?
What about lan?
We all make mistakes.
Okay.
Where do you want it?
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
How do you feel about Lisa?
I love her.
And that's what I figured.
But...
I mean, it's definitely
a different kind of love.
You know, it's more
sisterly, you know.
Like big sisterly, kind of.
But she's so beautiful.
Yeah, she's really beautiful.
And her body is...
It's gorgeous.
It's a nice figure.
So...
I mean, what would I
be compared to her?
Deb, Lisa is everything
I ever wanted in a girl
before I knew
what I wanted.
I know that if I
could do it again,
I'd make her just like you.
Honest.
Dead honest. I'm like...
I... You know, I...
I gotta tell you 'cause
I'm really honest
when I say that.
I'm so very honest.
I mean that.
(CAR APPROACHING)
What the hell?
That little bastard.
Please don't let him
have messed up my room.
If my room's okay,
I won't kill him. I promise.
I'll just hurt him real bad.
Freeze.
Chet!
Where's my brother?
(WINCES)
I don't know.
You're dead meat, pilgrim.
Chet, Chet, Chet, Chet, Chet,
that's her nose. Come on.
Now, look, she has
nothing to do with it.
Okay. You die.
She walks out of here
with a severe limp.
I'll be back.
That's Wyatt's
older brother, Chet.
He's kind of an asshole.
Oh, hi, Chet.
What the hell is
going on around here?
Chet, I'm sorry,
it was an accident.
An accident? An accident?
Do you realize
it's snowing in my room,
God damn it?
Some real weird
shit happened, Chet.
Some real weird shit.
You don't have to be a genius
to figure that out,
monkey dick.
Start talking, little man.
Look, Chet, it's
a real long story.
Gary and I were messing
around with the computer
Friday night,
and we decided
to make a woman.
And when we did,
she went crazy
and she messed up
the whole house.
Don't smart-mouth me,
you wormy little shit!
Why don't you
just leave him alone?
Stay out of this, bimbo.
This is a family matter.
Chet, just let me find Lisa.
She can explain everything.
She'll clear
everything up, Chet.
I swear. Chet.
You can have my college money
and my social security, Chet.
So, you guys think you can
pull one over on me, huh?
Huh?
You got everybody synched
to the same bullshit story.
This isn't bullshit.
This is a Pershing
missile, Chip.
It's Chet.
My name is Chet.
And I didn't think
it was a whale's dick, honey.
(BURPS)
Hi, Nanny. Hi, Grampy.
I'm not a moron,
you know. I...
Was that my grandparents?
Are they dead?
Oh, no.
They're just resting.
What are they doing in here?
LISA: I put them in there.
I didn't want the boys
to get into trouble.
And quite frankly,
they weren't having
a very good time at the party.
CHET: Not having a good time?
Do you think
they're having a good time
being catatonic in a closet?
Do you have any idea
how disrespectful that is?
Boy, I wouldn't
give a squirt of piss
for your ass right now.
Okay, that's quite enough.
You guys get the girls home.
Wyatt, take the Porsche.
Gary, you take the Ferrari.
The Ferrari?
I want to be alone
with Chet here.
Good to see you again, Chet.
Get out of here!
Come on, take your
little hussies home!
Their parents are
probably worried sick.
Lady, I want to get to
the bottom of this, asafp.
Oh, so do I.
But first, I'd like
to butter your muffin.
Why do you have to
be such a wanker?
Because I get off on it.
Now I want you to promise
that you'll keep
your big mouth shut
about everything
that has happened here
this weekend.
And I want you to
treat Wyatt and Gary
with dignity and respect.
Oh, really?
Yeah. Oh, really.
I can be
a real serious bitch
if I don't get
what I want.
Hit me with your best shot.
How fast are you going?
About 35.
(SIREN WAILING)
Wait. This can't be right.
Are you looking at
the rpms?
No. I think I'm looking
at about 50 tickets.
(SIREN WAILING)
Bye!
God damn it! Stupid train!
Oh, my.
That was great!
You son of a bitch!
Al, Al! Al, that was Gary!
Who is this Gary character?
I had a really
great time last night.
I'll probably be grounded
for a month or so, but...
I'll wait for you.
Hilly!
I love you!
All right!
I want to thank you
for a great night.
Same here.
Deb, I have kind of
a confession to make.
I'm really not this cool.
That's not my car.
This is not my suit.
I mean, none of those
people were my friends.
Why are you telling me
all of this?
Because I want you to
like me for what I am.
Whatever you are, I like it.
I'd better get going.
'Cause Wyatt and I still
have to deal with Chet.
Quit screwing around!
This isn't funny,
you stupid bitch!
Oh, now careful, Chet.
Don't make me angry.
Sorry.
That's better.
Would you please
turn me back to normal,
please?
I haven't done
anything to you.
No, but you've done
plenty to your brother.
Like what?
Well, let me see.
You've nagged him,
harassed him,
suppressed him,
kept him in fear of you.
Extorted money from him.
It's done out of love.
Just for that I
ought to give you
a set of elephant balls.
(EXCLAIMS)
Give me your word
that you'll leave
Wyatt and Gary alone
and I'll change you back.
Oh, all right.
Shake on it, huh?
No, thanks. I'd rather not.
Wait! Where are you going?
Well, I have to go
and get changed.
What about me?
What about you?
You'll be fine.
It just takes a little while
for the effect
to wear off, okay?
Well?
I'm in love.
It's great, isn't it?
The best.
You know,
I'll tell you, Wyatt,
I think things are
turning around for us.
I mean it.
Okay, what about Lisa?
Well, I think
we're gonna have to
have a talk with her.
Think she'll understand?
I think so. I mean,
I sure as hell
wouldn't want to date you.
You're not my type,
you know.
WYATT: Chet?
Chet?
Hi, dudes!
I'm sorry, Wyatt.
I'm sorry for being
such a shit to you
all these years.
And, gee, well,
I want you to know that
I love you.
(BURPING LOUDLY)
(LAUGHS)
That's nasty, Wyatt.
That's Chet, Gary.
(FLY BUZZING)
Hey, hey.
Oh, my God!
WYATT: Lisa?
In here.
Lisa.
LISA: Yeah?
You saw Chet?
Yes, I did.
WYATT: You responsible?
Yes, I am.
Lisa, we can't have him
like that.
It'd ruin Christmas.
Listen, he's gonna be
fine in half an hour.
He's not going to
spoil Christmas.
And he's not going to
bug you anymore, either.
(CLEARING THROAT)
Lisa, we have to
have a talk with you.
What's on your mind?
I really don't know
how to say this to you.
You guys found
girlfriends, right?
Fell in love
with the two girls
and they fell
in love with you.
That's all I ever
wanted for you.
You're not hurt?
Yeah, sure I'm hurt.
But I wouldn't change it.
I'm really just getting off
seeing you two guys
straightened out.
(SIGHING)
I have to go.
I've had a wonderful time.
Lisa.
Bye.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Boys?
We're home!
Hi, Mr. Donnelly.
How are you?
Nice to see you.
Hi, honey.
Dad, hi.
No, no, no, no, no.
Like a man.
So, what did you guys
do this weekend?
Not much.
Just hung around the house.
You know.
Daddy had this crazy notion
you guys might throw a party
or do something nutty.
Shit.
Not us.
Not here.
No way.
(BELL RINGING)
(GUYS CHATTERING)
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
(SHUSHING)
Okay.
Drop and give me 20.
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org